1. What does RGBA stand for?
Ans. RGBA is an extension of the RGB(Red, Green, Blue) color model. The acronym stands for red green blue alpha. The alpha value represents the level of transparency/opacity of 
the color.

2. From the Pillow module, how do you get the RGBA value of any images?
Ans. 
from PIL import Image
img = Image.open(‘image.png’)
rgba = img.convert(“RGBA”)
datas = rgba.getdata()
print(datas)

3. What is a box tuple, and how does it work?
Ans. The box. tuple submodule provides read-only access for the tuple userdata type. It allows, for a single tuple: selective retrieval of the field contents, retrieval of 
information about size, iteration over all the fields, and conversion to a Lua table.

4. Use your image and load in notebook then, How can you find out the width and height of an
Image object?
Ans.
image = PIL. Image. open("sample.png")
width, height = image. size
print("Width: ",width)
print("Height: ",height)

5. What method would you call to get Image object for a 100×100 image, excluding the lower-left
quarter of it?
Ans. 

6. After making changes to an Image object, how could you save it as an image file?
Ans. 
image.save()
save() Saves this image under the given filename. If no format is specified, the format to use is determined from the filename extension, if possible. Keyword options can 
be used to provide additional instructions to the writer.

7. What module contains Pillow’s shape-drawing code?
Ans. The 'ImageDraw' module provides simple 2D graphics support for Image Object. Generally, we use this module to create new images, annotate or retouch existing images 
and to generate graphics on the fly for web use. The graphics commands support the drawing of shapes and annotation of text.

8. Image objects do not have drawing methods. What kind of object does? How do you get this kind
of object?
Ans. Drawing object buffers instructions for drawing shapes into images, and then it can draw these shapes into zero or more images. 
Syntax : with Drawing() as draw: Note: In the above syntax “as draw” is just a nomenclature and can be any string as needed. The Drawing function in Python wand take has no 
parameter.
